it all started a year ago when i got a
new job
i have to admit i'm quite a gamer so
when i saw the ad in the paper
i called them immediately wanted video
game player
[Music]
it turned out the offer wasn't that
simple yes my job was to play video
games
but all day long 15 hours a day
7 days a week 365 days in total
i'd have 8 hours to sleep and a half
hour in the morning
and in the evening to eat and shower
no days off no vacation take it or leave
it
it scared me and i was reluctant to
agree
but then the employer told me my yearly
salary
and i was in if i did it for a year i'd
never have to work again
so i decided to give it a try
day one they said i'd work and live in
some sort of office
and i'd have everything i need at 8am
i arrived at the address the place was
huge and beautiful
a woman met me and took me to my room a
dark room in the back of the house
it had a huge tv with a game station
speakers and controllers
there was a comfortable couch a table
and a bathroom
it looked like a gamer's paradise i was
going to stay there for a whole year
probably never even leave the room
according to the schedule my day had to
start at 8am
i had half an hour to take a shower and
eat the breakfast delivered to my room
at 8 30 i had to start playing well
working every day the system would
generate a gaming selection according to
my employer's requirements
and make me follow them there were some
snacks on the side table to eat if i got
hungry
without interrupting my game i also got
a 10 minute break every 5 hours to go to
the bathroom and exercise
at 11 30 p.m the system shut down and i
got my dinner and shower time
[Music]
midnight till 8am sleep
well it seemed pretty easy and
straightforward and i was crazy excited
exactly at 8 30 my first game started
the first eight hours flew by in the
blink of an eye
i wanted to exercise a little but i had
to wait another two hours before my 10
minute break
by the end of the day my neck started to
hurt a little but it didn't matter
after getting some snacks i kept playing
for another two hours before i got my
well-deserved break
ten minutes was actually enough to fully
recover and get back to my game for the
remaining five
hours to be honest it was one of the
best days of my life
my dream had come true i could play all
day long
make a lot of money and no one would bug
me
[Music]
day two a piercing siren woke me up
i had to clasp my hands over my ears
while i looked for some kind of off
switch
the noise was unbearable finally i
figured out that i had to get
up walk to the tv and press a button on
it
to my relief it worked okay
figured that one out i went to take a
shower and when i was done
breakfast was served by 8 30
i was ready and excited for my second
day and life had another surprise for me
when i saw the schedule for the day i
almost screamed
i was going to be playing a brand new
game that hadn't even been released yet
it was just too exciting
i was sure i had the best job on the
planet
[Music]
day four today was a little bit harder
i got blisters on my fingers and i had
to bandage them
playing 15 hours straight was a little
hard and i needed an extra break
i tried to cheat and take a short pause
after the first three hours
but it didn't work as soon as i hit
pause and put the controller down
the system went crazy it didn't turn off
until i picked up the controller and
started to play again
okay no pauses got it
day 15 i had to bandage my hands as well
as my fingers
now i constantly have blurry eyes and
can't see straight anymore
and my legs feel like jelly i keep
reminding myself to move around as much
as possible
but i'm always way too tired what if i
forget how to walk
yesterday i fell asleep right after work
i didn't even eat
i just fell asleep but my sleep hasn't
really been that restful recently
in my dreams i'm always racing playing
soccer building houses out of cubes
fighting battles and searching for
objects
my job is haunting me and it feels like
i worked 24 hours a day
not 15. morning came
the siren woke me up but the only thing
i wanted to do
was sleep and what i'd do for a normal
dream like a normal person
350 days to go tonight before bed i have
to come up with a plan
something to make my life as normal as
possible
i can't go on like this anymore
day 32 one month down
my first small victory i'm more
organized and i managed to come up with
a nice system that keeps me from going
crazy
i try to play standing up as much as
possible and move around when i can
i spend all my breaks outside enjoying
the fresh air
and doing vision exercises i still have
blurry and itchy eyes though
and the bad news today i realize that
i'm seeing things video game things
they're creeping into my actual life
i was in the shower last night and i saw
a car crash right in front of me
i totally lost it but it's not real
it's not real
to make things worse i'm starting to
imagine that i'm actually a video game
character
strength 70 intelligence
90 health 50.
day 100 being active was a good idea
but now i think i have serious sleep
disorder
i can't sleep well and i never get
enough rest
i feel like i'm turning into uh well
i don't even know anymore
i'm getting so tired i don't even have
the energy to exercise
i haven't been doing my workouts for a
week now and whenever i'm on the couch
i can't feel my legs well
at least i walk to the bathroom and back
two times a day so my legs
aren't totally shot that's something at
least
i don't remember not having all of my
body hurt
it hurts all the time but somehow i got
used to it my wrists my neck
my back everything hurts i constantly
have headaches
health 30
day 260. i'm having trouble getting to
the bathroom these days
i can barely walk a couple of steps
because my legs just don't move
and i feel like i never leave the game
it's my life now
even if i'm on break the games are all
around me
my real life is just a crazy mix of all
the games i've been playing
today i saw a chest on the table i'd
never seen it before
so i wanted to see what was inside i was
trying to grab it for ages
and i realized it wasn't real it was
just in my head i think i've
doubled in size because now i need
double the time on the couch that i used
to
health 20.
day 366 for the first time
no siren the woman woke me up at 11 am
handed me my paycheck and said i should
go
the number on the paycheck was truly
impressive
but i didn't even have enough strength
to be happy
i can't believe it's over i did it
planes crashed down right in front of me
but i'm so used to it that i don't even
pay attention
with my diamond sword in my hand i
waddle to the bathroom
crushing everything in my way because
i've gotten way too big for this little
room
my pals are on a mission to capture some
castle
but that's not my quest anymore they're
not even real
are they to be honest i'm not even sure
what's real anymore woman takes me down
the stairs to the front door
when i step outside my eyes seal shut
sunlight so bright i can't see a thing
the woman gives me a pair of sunglasses
and i'm on my way
i see people and other weird creatures
running around
cars driving and cubed sheep grazing
past me
it takes all my energy but i get to a
taxi
and finally head home
so now i'm rich and super
unhealthy i guess i'll need the rest of
my life to recover from this marathon
and i'm never playing video games again